>> Shirley Wu: So for today, my goal is
to be able to get through these things.
So we're going to start the first
section with data exploration and
we're going to use observable notebook and
Vega-lite.
And Vega-lite is one of these
like kinda grammars for building
interactive visualizations that make
a lot of like the basic charts very easy.
And then we're gonna talk about design
principles, and in particular we're gonna
talk about marks and chanels,
as well as like Gelstalt Laws of grouping.
And then we're going to take the designs
we come up with and our exercises.
And we're gonna turn them into code and
we're gonna talk about SVG,
a little bit about SVG paths,
and about D3, and shapes and
layouts that we can use from D3.
And then we're going to finish
with annotations, axes,
legends, things to make your
custom visualization readable.
[LAUGH]